migrated always use https to dev docs (#2647)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/ssl/src/content/edge-certificates/additional-options/always-use-https.md

---
order: 14
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

import AlwaysUseHTTPSDefinition from "../../_partials/_always-use-https-definition.md"

# Always Use HTTPS 

<AlwaysUseHTTPSDefinition/>

## How to redirect all visitors to HTTPS/SSL

> You can redirect your domain visitors to HTTP/SSL through SSL/TLS or Page Rules, depending on if you want to redirect traffic for all subdomains or if you do not want your whole site to be redirected to HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can redirect your domain visitors to HTTPS through SSL/TLS or Page Rules, depending on if you want to redirect traffic for all subdomains or only specific subdomains.
```

### SSL/TLS 

To redirect traffic for all subdomains and hosts in your domain:
1. Log into your [Cloudflare account](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and go to a specific domain.
1. Navigate to **SSL/TLS** > **Edge Certificates**.
1. For **Always Use HTTPS**, switch the toggle to **On**.

### Page Rules 

> If you do not want your whole site redirected to HTTPS, redirect on a URL basis using Cloudflare [Page Rules](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/218411427).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only want specific subdomains redirected to HTTPS, redirect on a URL basis using Cloudflare [Page Rules](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/218411427).
```

Reviewer: I think it's in the style guide, but better to frame something as a positive than a negative if the meaning is roughly equivalent.

> While protecting your site via Cloudflare, it is not recommended to perform redirects at your origin web server:

Reviewer: I'd combine lines 27-30 with the info currently under the `How to redirect all visitors` H2. It's info that applies to the whole process, not just the page rule redirects.

This also applies to the first sentence of line 32.

* Page Rule redirects are processed at the Cloudflare edge resulting in quicker response and reduced requests to your server.

> * Origin web server redirects can cause [redirect loop errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000219871).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Origin web server redirects can cause [redirect loop errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/115000219871).
```

> When configuring Page Rules, the _Always use HTTPS_ action is the simplest method to redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS.  You can also use the _Forwarding URL_ action with a _301_ redirect if you need to redirect to another subdomain in addition to forcing HTTPS. For example, a Page Rule match for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the _Forwarding URL_ action with a _301_ redirect if you need to redirect to another subdomain in addition to forcing HTTPS. For example, a Page Rule match for
```

> ``http://example.com/*``

Reviewer: I'd suggest reformatting this example to remove the extra spaces and combine it either into a single sentence or a bulleted list of values.

with a _Forwarding URL_ of

``https://www.example.com/$1``

will redirect requests for the example.com root domain to the www.example.com subdomain while preserving the URL directory.

> <Aside type="note">

Reviewer: You should move this aside up to the `SSL/TLS` section, since that's where it logically fits.

The _Always Use HTTPS_ action will only appear if your zone has an active Cloudflare SSL certificate.

</Aside>

> Forcing HTTPS does not resolve issues with [mixed content](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200170476), as browsers check the protocol of included resources before making a request. You will need to use only relative links or HTTPS links on pages that you force to HTTPS. Cloudflare can automatically resolve some mixed-content links using our [Automatic HTTPS Rewrites](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/automatic-https-rewrites) functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forcing HTTPS does not resolve issues with [mixed content](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200170476), as browsers check the protocol of included resources before making a request. You will need to use only relative links or HTTPS links on pages that you force to HTTPS. Cloudflare can automatically resolve some mixed-content links using our [Automatic HTTPS Rewrites](/edge-certificates/additional-options/automatic-https-rewrites) functionality.
```

Reviewer: Maybe put a new header for this sentence like "Limitations"?

Reviewer: For pages w/in the same dev docs tile, it's best to use relative URLs so it doesn't look like an external link.
